Update Add-MailboxPermissions.md (#9359)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Add-MailboxPermission.md

- Mail users
- Security groups

> **Note**: When a security group is used to specify Full Access permissions, the Auto-mapping feature won't automatically add the mailbox in Outlook for the group member. See [this support article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook/troubleshoot/profiles-and-accounts/full-access-mailbox-not-automapped-outlook-profile) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When a security group is used to specify Full Access permissions, the auto-mapping feature won't automatically add the mailbox in Outlook for the group member. See the [Mailboxes to which your account has full access aren't automapped to Outlook profile](/outlook/troubleshoot/profiles-and-accounts/full-access-mailbox-not-automapped-outlook-profile) article for more information.
```

```

### -AutoMapping

> The AutoMapping parameter includes or excludes the mailbox from the auto-mapping feature in Microsoft Outlook. Auto-mapping uses Autodiscover to automatically add mailboxes to a user's Outlook profile if the user has Full Access permission to the mailbox. Autodiscover won't enumerate security groups that are given Full Access permission to the mailbox however. Valid values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AutoMapping parameter includes or excludes the mailbox from the auto-mapping feature in Microsoft Outlook. Auto-mapping uses Autodiscover to automatically add mailboxes to a user's Outlook profile if the user has Full Access permission to the mailbox. However, Autodiscover won't enumerate security groups that are given Full Access permission to the mailbox. Valid values are:
```
